polonius-proof in book (#185)
rust-lang/polonius: book/src/see_also.md

- [Polonius and the case of the hereditary harrop predicate](https://smallcultfollowing.com/babysteps/blog/2019/01/21/hereditary-harrop-region-constraints/)
- ... TODO add the rest ...

> [polonius-proof](https://github.com/lengyijun/polonius-proof/) uses theorem prover to prove that `naive` and `datafrog-opt` generate same error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[polonius-proof](https://github.com/lengyijun/polonius-proof/) uses a theorem prover to prove that the `naive` and `datafrog-opt` variants generate the same errors.
```
